[core] feat(TagInput): handle delete to remove items (#3993)
palantir/blueprint: packages/core/src/components/tag-input/tag-input.md

at once; the default splits on commas and newlines.

**Tags can be removed** by clicking their <span class="@ns-icon-standard @ns-icon-cross"></span>

> buttons, or by pressing either <kbd>backspace</kbd> or <kbd>delete</kbd> repeatedly. Pressing <kbd>delete</kbd> mimics the behaviour of deleting in a text editor, where trying to delete at the end of the last line will do nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
buttons, or by pressing either <kbd>backspace</kbd> or <kbd>delete</kbd> repeatedly.
Pressing <kbd>delete</kbd> mimics the behavior of deleting in a text editor, where trying to delete at the end of the line will do nothing.
```
